README.md: note about cloud (#625)
wbstack/ui: README.md

# wbstack UI

> The code for the orhttps://www.wbstack.com/ website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code for the https://wikibase.cloud/ website (previously wbstack.com).
```

did you mean something like this?
